Let's see this in action.
Let's look at the items Microservices module.
First, let's look at the Maven POM file.
Our dependencies we have the spring-boot-starter-jpa to include jpa.
We have the spring-boot-starter-web which we've seen before.
The starter-test, and for h2 or in-memory database the h2 dependency.
The new dependency that we've added for spring data rest can be found here on lines 42.
43. It is the spring-boot-starter-data-rest.
Let's look at the entity item.
Here item is an entity that has an ID,
a name, and a description.
The item entity also has
the associated item repository for interacting with the h2 in memory database.
Then the application.propertiesfile, what we've seen
before setting the path to h2 and the data source URL,
here in this case two items.
That's all you need to expose the item table through a spring data rest API.
There's no controller layer,
no need to use address controller that annotation anywhere.
Now, I've deployed and executed the application and to access the items microservice,
let's navigate to a web browser and just enter localhost:8080 and items.
So that's item with an s on the end.
Notice here it shows a listing of all of the items in our database table.
Now that we've created this microservice,
let's register it as a eureka client.